c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\ShoppingListWeb.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\ShoppingListWeb.pdb
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\obj\Debug\ShoppingListWeb.dll
c:\users\anca.antonie\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\obj\Debug\ShoppingListWeb.pdb
C:\Users\anca.antonie\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\anca.antonie\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\anca.antonie\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\anca.antonie\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\obj\Debug\ShoppingListWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\obj\Debug\ShoppingListWeb.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\obj\Debug\ShoppingListWeb.pdb
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\ShoppingListWeb.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\ShoppingListWeb.pdb
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Angular\Teamnet_Angular_p2\ShoppingListWeb\ShoppingListWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
